abacus-n-en àbac-n-ca
àbac-n-ca abaco-n-it
abaco-n-it àbac-n-ca
àbac-n-ca abacus-n-en
àbac-n-ca ábaco-n-es
ábaco-n-es abako-n-eo
ábaco-n-es abacus-n-en
ábaco-n-es àbac-n-ca
ábaco-n-es abac-n-ro
ábaco-n-es abac-n-oc
àbac-n-ca abac-n-oc
abac-n-oc àbac-n-ca
abac-n-oc ábaco-n-es
àbac-n-ca abako-n-eo
abako-n-eo ábaco-n-es
abako-n-eo abacus-n-en
abako-n-eo abaque-n-fr
abako-n-eo boulier-n-fr
abako-n-eo nomogramme-n-fr
abako-n-eo table-n-fr
abako-n-eo àbac-n-ca
abacus-n-en ábaco-n-es
abac-n-ro ábaco-n-es
abacus-n-en abako-n-eo
abaque-n-fr abako-n-eo
boulier-n-fr abako-n-eo
nomogramme-n-fr abako-n-eo
table-n-fr tabla-n-es
table-n-fr mesa-n-es
table-n-fr taula-n-ca
table-n-fr tablo-n-eo
table-n-fr tabulo-n-eo
table-n-fr abako-n-eo
