ability-n-en habilitat-n-ca
habilitat-n-ca habilidade-n-pt
habilidade-n-pt habilitat-n-ca
habilidade-n-pt habilidade-n-gl
habilidade-n-pt habilidad-n-es
habilitat-n-ca abilità-n-it
abilità-n-it habilitat-n-ca
habilitat-n-ca ability-n-en
craft-n-en embarcació-n-ca
craft-n-en habilitat-n-ca
craft-n-en ofici-n-ca
craft-n-en habilidad-n-es
craft-n-en oficio-n-es
craft-n-en embarcación-n-es
craft-n-en oficio-n-gl
craft-n-en embarcación-n-gl
craft-n-en habilidade-n-gl
craft-n-en artesanía-n-gl
craft-n-en hejmmetio-n-eo
craft-n-en metio-n-eo
craft-n-en ofizio-n-eu
knack-n-en habilitat-n-ca
knack-n-en maña-n-es
knack-n-en povoscio-n-eo
skill-n-en habilitat-n-ca
skill-n-en destreza-n-es
skill-n-en habilidad-n-es
skill-n-en maña-n-es
skill-n-en habilidade-n-gl
skill-n-en kapablo-n-eo
skill-n-en lerto-n-eo
skill-n-en trebetasun-n-eu
habilitat-n-ca habilidad-n-es
habilidad-n-es lerteco-n-eo
habilidad-n-es kapableco-n-eo
habilidad-n-es habilité-n-fr
habilidad-n-es ability-n-en
habilidad-n-es habilitat-n-ca
habilidad-n-es trebetasun-n-eu
habilidad-n-es abilitate-n-ro
habilidad-n-es dexteritate-n-ro
habilidad-n-es capabilidat-n-an
habilidad-n-es habilidat-n-an
habilidad-n-es abelidat-n-an
habilidad-n-es abilidat-n-an
habilidad-n-es habilidá-n-ast
habilidad-n-es habileza-n-ast
habilidad-n-es habilidade-n-gl
habilidad-n-es abiletat-n-oc
habilidad-n-es mestreg-n-oc
habilidad-n-es habilidade-n-pt
habilitat-n-ca abiletat-n-oc
abiletat-n-oc habilitat-n-ca
abiletat-n-oc habilidad-n-es
habilitat-n-ca mestreg-n-oc
mestreg-n-oc habilitat-n-ca
mestreg-n-oc habilidad-n-es
habilitat-n-ca kapableco-n-eo
kapableco-n-eo aptitud-n-es
kapableco-n-eo habilidad-n-es
kapableco-n-eo ability-n-en
kapableco-n-eo aptitude-n-fr
kapableco-n-eo capacité-n-fr
kapableco-n-eo habileté-n-fr
kapableco-n-eo habilitat-n-ca
ability-n-en habilidad-n-es
lerteco-n-eo habilidad-n-es
lerteco-n-eo agilidad-n-es
lerteco-n-eo destreza-n-es
lerteco-n-eo adresse-n-fr
lerteco-n-eo agilité-n-fr
lerteco-n-eo dextérité-n-fr
lerteco-n-eo habileté-n-fr
lerteco-n-eo habilité-n-fr
lerteco-n-eo souplesse-n-fr
lerteco-n-eo destresa-n-ca
habilité-n-fr habilidad-n-es
habilité-n-fr lerteco-n-eo
trebetasun-n-eu habilidad-n-es
trebetasun-n-eu destreza-n-es
trebetasun-n-eu ability-n-en
abilitate-n-ro habilidad-n-es
dexteritate-n-ro habilidad-n-es
capabilidat-n-an habilidad-n-es
habilidat-n-an habilidad-n-es
abelidat-n-an habilidad-n-es
abilidat-n-an habilidad-n-es
habilidá-n-ast habilidad-n-es
habileza-n-ast habilidad-n-es
habilidade-n-gl habilidade-n-pt
habilidade-n-gl ability-n-en
habilidade-n-gl habilidad-n-es
ability-n-en habilidade-n-gl
ability-n-en kapableco-n-eo
aptitud-n-es kapableco-n-eo
aptitud-n-es aptitude-n-fr
aptitud-n-es aptitudine-n-ro
aptitud-n-es aptitú-n-ast
aptitud-n-es aptitude-n-gl
aptitud-n-es aptitud-n-oc
aptitud-n-es aptido-n-pt
aptitude-n-en aptitud-n-ca
aptitude-n-en aptitud-n-es
aptitude-n-en aptitude-n-gl
aptitude-n-en kapableco-n-eo
aptitude-n-fr aptitud-n-es
aptitude-n-fr aptitud-n-ca
aptitude-n-fr kapableco-n-eo
aptitude-n-fr kapablo-n-eo
aptitude-n-fr kompetento-n-eo
aptitude-n-fr kompetenteco-n-eo
capacité-n-fr capacidad-n-es
capacité-n-fr capacitat-n-ca
capacité-n-fr kompetenteco-n-eo
capacité-n-fr kapablo-n-eo
capacité-n-fr kapacitanco-n-eo
capacité-n-fr enhaveco-n-eo
capacité-n-fr kapableco-n-eo
capacité-n-fr kapacito-n-eo
capacité-n-fr kompetento-n-eo
habileté-n-fr lerteco-n-eo
habileté-n-fr kapableco-n-eo
habileté-n-fr lerto-n-eo
ability-n-en abilezia-n-eu
abilezia-n-eu primor-n-es
primor-n-es meravella-n-ca
primor-n-es abilezia-n-eu
abilezia-n-eu ability-n-en
ability-n-en trebetasun-n-eu
destreza-n-es lerteco-n-eo
destreza-n-es dextérité-n-fr
destreza-n-es destresa-n-ca
destreza-n-es trebetasun-n-eu
destreza-n-es ndemnare-n-ro
destreza-n-es pricepere-n-ro
destreza-n-es destoinicie-n-ro
destreza-n-es maña-n-ast
destreza-n-es arte-n-ast
destreza-n-es remangu-n-ast
destreza-n-es destreza-n-gl
destreza-n-es maña-n-gl
destreza-n-es adretia-n-oc
