abundance-n-en abundància-n-ca
abundància-n-ca abundncia-n-pt
abundncia-n-pt abundància-n-ca
abundncia-n-pt abundancia-n-gl
abundncia-n-pt abundancia-n-es
abundància-n-ca fartura-n-pt
fartura-n-pt abundància-n-ca
fartura-n-pt fartura-n-gl
fartura-n-pt abundancia-n-es
abundància-n-ca pletora-n-it
pletora-n-it abundància-n-ca
abundància-n-ca abbondanza-n-it
abbondanza-n-it abundància-n-ca
plenty-n-en abundància-n-ca
plenty-n-en abundancia-n-es
plenty-n-en abundancia-n-gl
plenty-n-en abundo-n-eo
plenty-n-en ugaritasun-n-eu
abundància-n-ca abundance-n-en
abundància-n-ca abundancia-n-es
abundancia-n-es abondance-n-fr
abundancia-n-es abundance-n-en
abundancia-n-es abundància-n-ca
abundancia-n-es ugaritasun-n-eu
abundancia-n-es abunden-n-ro
abundancia-n-es prisosin-n-ro
abundancia-n-es bayura-n-ast
abundancia-n-es abundancia-n-gl
abundancia-n-es opulencia-n-gl
abundancia-n-es profusión-n-gl
abundancia-n-es fartura-n-gl
abundancia-n-es abundncia-n-pt
abundancia-n-es fartura-n-pt
abundància-n-ca abondància-n-oc
abondància-n-oc abundància-n-ca
abundància-n-ca abondance-n-fr
abondance-n-fr abundancia-n-es
abondance-n-fr abundància-n-ca
abondance-n-fr abundeco-n-eo
abondance-n-fr abundo-n-eo
abundance-n-en abundancia-n-es
ugaritasun-n-eu abundancia-n-es
ugaritasun-n-eu abundance-n-en
abunden-n-ro abundancia-n-es
prisosin-n-ro abundancia-n-es
bayura-n-ast abundancia-n-es
bayura-n-ast bonanza-n-es
bayura-n-ast riqueza-n-es
abundancia-n-gl abundncia-n-pt
abundancia-n-gl abundance-n-en
abundancia-n-gl abundancia-n-es
opulencia-n-gl abundancia-n-es
profusión-n-gl profuso-n-pt
profusión-n-gl abundancia-n-es
fartura-n-gl fartura-n-pt
fartura-n-gl abundance-n-en
fartura-n-gl abundancia-n-es
abundance-n-en abundancia-n-gl
abundance-n-en fartura-n-gl
abundance-n-en ugaritasun-n-eu
