boy-n-en nen-n-ca
nen-n-ca criança-n-pt
criança-n-pt nen-n-ca
criança-n-pt neno-n-gl
criança-n-pt nenosenenas-n-gl
criança-n-pt rapaz-n-gl
criança-n-pt cativo-n-gl
criança-n-pt crío-n-es
criança-n-pt niño-n-es
nen-n-ca menino-n-pt
menino-n-pt canalla-n-ca
menino-n-pt infant-n-ca
menino-n-pt xiquet-n-ca
menino-n-pt nen-n-ca
menino-n-pt xaval-n-ca
menino-n-pt cativo-n-gl
menino-n-pt meniño-n-gl
menino-n-pt niño-n-es
menino-n-pt chaval-n-es
nen-n-ca bambino-n-it
bambino-n-it xiquet-n-ca
bambino-n-it nen-n-ca
child-n-en infant-n-ca
child-n-en fill-n-ca
child-n-en nen-n-ca
child-n-en xiquet-n-ca
child-n-en crío-n-es
child-n-en hijo-n-es
child-n-en infante-n-es
child-n-en niño-n-es
child-n-en infante-n-gl
child-n-en neno-n-gl
child-n-en fillo-n-gl
child-n-en infano-n-eo
child-n-en ido-n-eo
child-n-en ume-n-eu
child-n-en infante-n-eu
child-n-en semealaba-n-eu
child-n-en haur-n-eu
child-n-en nini-n-eu
child-n-en umetxo-n-eu
girl-n-en noi-n-ca
girl-n-en nen-n-ca
girl-n-en xic-n-ca
girl-n-en xicot-n-ca
girl-n-en chiquillo-n-es
girl-n-en chico-n-es
girl-n-en niño-n-es
girl-n-en nene-n-es
girl-n-en muchacho-n-es
girl-n-en chico-n-gl
girl-n-en raparigo-n-gl
girl-n-en mozo-n-gl
girl-n-en meniño-n-gl
girl-n-en neno-n-gl
girl-n-en pícaro-n-gl
girl-n-en cativo-n-gl
girl-n-en knabo-n-eo
girl-n-en fralino-n-eo
girl-n-en junulino-n-eo
girl-n-en haur-n-eu
girl-n-en neska-n-eu
girl-n-en neskato-n-eu
girl-n-en neskatila-n-eu
nen-n-ca boy-n-en
kid-n-en nen-n-ca
kid-n-en xiquet-n-ca
kid-n-en niño-n-es
kid-n-en neno-n-gl
kid-n-en infanjo-n-eo
kid-n-en etulo-n-eo
kid-n-en kaprido-n-eo
kid-n-en kapridao-n-eo
kid-n-en infano-n-eo
kid-n-en haur-n-eu
kid-n-en ume-n-eu
nen-n-ca nene-n-es
nene-n-es bebo-n-eo
nene-n-es enfant-n-fr
nene-n-es boy-n-en
nene-n-es nen-n-ca
nene-n-es xiquet-n-ca
nene-n-es nini-n-eu
nene-n-es mainada-n-oc
nene-n-es mainat-n-oc
nene-n-es mainatge-n-oc
nen-n-ca niño-n-es
niño-n-es knabo-n-eo
niño-n-es infano-n-eo
niño-n-es enfant-n-fr
niño-n-es boy-n-en
niño-n-es canalla-n-ca
niño-n-es infant-n-ca
niño-n-es nen-n-ca
niño-n-es xiquet-n-ca
niño-n-es ume-n-eu
niño-n-es neskato-n-eu
niño-n-es haur-n-eu
niño-n-es copil-n-ro
niño-n-es prunc-n-ro
niño-n-es nino-n-an
niño-n-es neñu-n-ast
niño-n-es meniño-n-gl
niño-n-es neno-n-gl
niño-n-es pícaro-n-gl
niño-n-es enfant-n-oc
niño-n-es infant-n-oc
niño-n-es mainatge-n-oc
niño-n-es mainada-n-oc
niño-n-es mainat-n-oc
niño-n-es menino-n-pt
niño-n-es criança-n-pt
nen-n-ca peque-n-es
peque-n-es nen-n-ca
peque-n-es xiquet-n-ca
nen-n-ca mainat-n-oc
mainat-n-oc nen-n-ca
mainat-n-oc xiquet-n-ca
mainat-n-oc nene-n-es
mainat-n-oc niño-n-es
nen-n-ca mainatge-n-oc
mainatge-n-oc nen-n-ca
mainatge-n-oc xiquet-n-ca
mainatge-n-oc infant-n-ca
mainatge-n-oc infante-n-es
mainatge-n-oc nene-n-es
mainatge-n-oc niño-n-es
nen-n-ca mainada-n-oc
mainada-n-oc xiquet-n-ca
mainada-n-oc nen-n-ca
mainada-n-oc nene-n-es
mainada-n-oc niño-n-es
nen-n-ca enfant-n-fr
enfant-n-fr nene-n-es
enfant-n-fr niño-n-es
enfant-n-fr nen-n-ca
enfant-n-fr knabo-n-eo
enfant-n-fr infano-n-eo
nen-n-ca knabo-n-eo
knabo-n-eo chico-n-es
knabo-n-eo muchacho-n-es
knabo-n-eo pibe-n-es
knabo-n-eo chaval-n-es
knabo-n-eo niño-n-es
knabo-n-eo boy-n-en
knabo-n-eo garçon-n-fr
knabo-n-eo enfant-n-fr
knabo-n-eo fils-n-fr
knabo-n-eo gaillard-n-fr
knabo-n-eo gars-n-fr
knabo-n-eo nen-n-ca
knabo-n-eo allot-n-ca
knabo-n-eo xic-n-ca
knabo-n-eo nin-n-ca
knabo-n-eo noi-n-ca
knabo-n-eo xicot-n-ca
knabo-n-eo xiquet-n-ca
boy-n-en noi-n-ca
noi-n-ca moço-n-pt
moço-n-pt moció-n-ca
moço-n-pt noi-n-ca
moço-n-pt moción-n-gl
moço-n-pt moción-n-es
noi-n-ca garoto-n-pt
garoto-n-pt noi-n-ca
garoto-n-pt xic-n-ca
garoto-n-pt neno-n-gl
garoto-n-pt chico-n-es
noi-n-ca rapaz-n-pt
rapaz-n-pt noi-n-ca
rapaz-n-pt allot-n-ca
rapaz-n-pt raparigo-n-gl
rapaz-n-pt chico-n-gl
rapaz-n-pt rapaz-n-gl
rapaz-n-pt muchacho-n-es
noi-n-ca rapariga-n-pt
rapariga-n-pt allot-n-ca
rapariga-n-pt noi-n-ca
rapariga-n-pt rapariga-n-gl
rapariga-n-pt muchacho-n-es
noi-n-ca ragazzo-n-it
ragazzo-n-it noi-n-ca
ragazzo-n-it xic-n-ca
lad-n-en noi-n-ca
lad-n-en xic-n-ca
lad-n-en chico-n-es
lad-n-en mozo-n-gl
lad-n-en chico-n-gl
lad-n-en knabo-n-eo
lad-n-en filjo-n-eo
lad-n-en mutil-n-eu
noi-n-ca boy-n-en
noi-n-ca chico-n-es
chico-n-es infano-n-eo
chico-n-es knabo-n-eo
chico-n-es fille-n-fr
chico-n-es garçon-n-fr
chico-n-es boy-n-en
chico-n-es noi-n-ca
chico-n-es xic-n-ca
chico-n-es neska-n-eu
chico-n-es neskatila-n-eu
chico-n-es mutil-n-eu
chico-n-es biat-n-ro
chico-n-es mozu-n-ast
chico-n-es mozo-n-gl
chico-n-es gojat-n-oc
chico-n-es dròlle-n-oc
chico-n-es garoto-n-pt
noi-n-ca chiquillo-n-es
chiquillo-n-es garçon-n-fr
chiquillo-n-es fille-n-fr
chiquillo-n-es boy-n-en
chiquillo-n-es marrec-n-ca
chiquillo-n-es noi-n-ca
chiquillo-n-es xiquet-n-ca
chiquillo-n-es mutiko-n-eu
chiquillo-n-es bieel-n-ro
chiquillo-n-es rapacín-n-ast
chiquillo-n-es guahe-n-ast
chiquillo-n-es raparigo-n-gl
chiquillo-n-es gojat-n-oc
noi-n-ca muchacho-n-es
muchacho-n-es infano-n-eo
muchacho-n-es knabo-n-eo
muchacho-n-es fille-n-fr
muchacho-n-es garçon-n-fr
muchacho-n-es boy-n-en
muchacho-n-es allot-n-ca
muchacho-n-es minyó-n-ca
muchacho-n-es noi-n-ca
muchacho-n-es xic-n-ca
muchacho-n-es mutil-n-eu
muchacho-n-es rapazu-n-ast
muchacho-n-es rapaz-n-ast
muchacho-n-es raparigo-n-gl
muchacho-n-es gojat-n-oc
muchacho-n-es rapaz-n-pt
muchacho-n-es rapariga-n-pt
noi-n-ca gojat-n-oc
gojat-n-oc noi-n-ca
gojat-n-oc minyó-n-ca
gojat-n-oc xic-n-ca
gojat-n-oc xicot-n-ca
gojat-n-oc chiquillo-n-es
gojat-n-oc muchacho-n-es
gojat-n-oc chico-n-es
noi-n-ca dròlle-n-oc
dròlle-n-oc noi-n-ca
dròlle-n-oc chico-n-es
noi-n-ca garçon-n-fr
garçon-n-fr chiquillo-n-es
garçon-n-fr camarero-n-es
garçon-n-fr muchacho-n-es
garçon-n-fr chico-n-es
garçon-n-fr noi-n-ca
garçon-n-fr cambrer-n-ca
garçon-n-fr kelnero-n-eo
garçon-n-fr knabo-n-eo
noi-n-ca knabo-n-eo
boy-n-en xic-n-ca
xic-n-ca garoto-n-pt
xic-n-ca ragazzo-n-it
xic-n-ca boy-n-en
xic-n-ca chico-n-es
xic-n-ca muchacho-n-es
xic-n-ca gojat-n-oc
xic-n-ca knabo-n-eo
boy-n-en xicot-n-ca
boyfriend-n-en xicot-n-ca
boyfriend-n-en novio-n-es
boyfriend-n-en mozo-n-gl
boyfriend-n-en koramiko-n-eo
boyfriend-n-en mutillagun-n-eu
girlfriend-n-en xicot-n-ca
girlfriend-n-en novio-n-es
girlfriend-n-en mozo-n-gl
girlfriend-n-en koramikino-n-eo
girlfriend-n-en neskalagun-n-eu
xicot-n-ca boy-n-en
guy-n-en xicot-n-ca
guy-n-en tipo-n-es
guy-n-en ulo-n-eo
xicot-n-ca gojat-n-oc
xicot-n-ca koramiko-n-eo
koramiko-n-eo amoureux-n-fr
koramiko-n-eo matre-n-fr
koramiko-n-eo petitami-n-fr
koramiko-n-eo xicot-n-ca
xicot-n-ca knabo-n-eo
xicot-n-ca fiano-n-eo
fiano-n-eo novio-n-es
fiano-n-eo prometido-n-es
fiano-n-eo fiancé-n-fr
fiano-n-eo promès-n-ca
fiano-n-eo xicot-n-ca
fiano-n-eo nuvi-n-ca
boy-n-en chico-n-es
infano-n-eo criatura-n-es
infano-n-eo niño-n-es
infano-n-eo pibe-n-es
infano-n-eo chaval-n-es
infano-n-eo chico-n-es
infano-n-eo muchacho-n-es
infano-n-eo enfant-n-fr
infano-n-eo infant-n-ca
infano-n-eo criatura-n-ca
fille-n-fr chiquillo-n-es
fille-n-fr muchacho-n-es
fille-n-fr chico-n-es
fille-n-fr hija-n-es
fille-n-fr noia-n-ca
fille-n-fr filo-n-eo
neska-n-eu chico-n-es
neskatila-n-eu chico-n-es
mutil-n-eu chico-n-es
mutil-n-eu muchacho-n-es
mutil-n-eu chaval-n-es
mutil-n-eu varón-n-es
mutil-n-eu boy-n-en
biat-n-ro chico-n-es
mozu-n-ast chico-n-es
mozu-n-ast joven-n-es
mozu-n-ast novio-n-es
mozu-n-ast mozo-n-es
mozo-n-gl jovem-n-pt
mozo-n-gl boy-n-en
mozo-n-gl chico-n-es
mozo-n-gl mozo-n-es
mozo-n-gl joven-n-es
boy-n-en chiquillo-n-es
marrec-n-ca chiquillo-n-es
marrec-n-ca bubo-n-eo
xiquet-n-ca menino-n-pt
xiquet-n-ca bambino-n-it
xiquet-n-ca niño-n-es
xiquet-n-ca chiquillo-n-es
xiquet-n-ca nene-n-es
xiquet-n-ca peque-n-es
xiquet-n-ca mainatge-n-oc
xiquet-n-ca mainada-n-oc
xiquet-n-ca mainat-n-oc
xiquet-n-ca knabo-n-eo
mutiko-n-eu chiquillo-n-es
mutiko-n-eu boy-n-en
bieel-n-ro chiquillo-n-es
rapacín-n-ast chiquillo-n-es
rapacín-n-ast muchachito-n-es
guahe-n-ast crío-n-es
guahe-n-ast chiquillo-n-es
guahe-n-ast guaje-n-es
raparigo-n-gl rapaz-n-pt
raparigo-n-gl boy-n-en
raparigo-n-gl muchacho-n-es
raparigo-n-gl chiquillo-n-es
boy-n-en muchacho-n-es
allot-n-ca rapaz-n-pt
allot-n-ca rapariga-n-pt
allot-n-ca muchacho-n-es
allot-n-ca knabo-n-eo
minyó-n-ca muchacho-n-es
minyó-n-ca gojat-n-oc
rapazu-n-ast muchacho-n-es
rapaz-n-ast rapaz-n-es
rapaz-n-ast muchacho-n-es
boy-n-en nene-n-es
bebo-n-eo bebé-n-es
bebo-n-eo crío-n-es
bebo-n-eo nene-n-es
bebo-n-eo bébé-n-fr
bebo-n-eo bebè-n-ca
nini-n-eu nene-n-es
boy-n-en niño-n-es
infant-n-en infant-n-ca
infant-n-en niño-n-es
infant-n-en neno-n-gl
infant-n-en infano-n-eo
infant-n-en infaneto-n-eo
infant-n-en lulinfano-n-eo
infant-n-en suinfano-n-eo
infant-n-en haur-n-eu
infant-n-en ume-n-eu
canalla-n-ca menino-n-pt
canalla-n-ca niño-n-es
canalla-n-ca kanajlo-n-eo
infant-n-ca infante-n-pt
infant-n-ca menino-n-pt
infant-n-ca infante-n-it
infant-n-ca infante-n-es
infant-n-ca niño-n-es
infant-n-ca infant-n-oc
infant-n-ca manit-n-oc
infant-n-ca mainatge-n-oc
infant-n-ca enfant-n-oc
infant-n-ca infano-n-eo
infant-n-ca princo-n-eo
ume-n-eu niño-n-es
neskato-n-eu niño-n-es
haur-n-eu niño-n-es
haur-n-eu boy-n-en
copil-n-ro niño-n-es
prunc-n-ro niño-n-es
nino-n-an niño-n-es
neñu-n-ast niño-n-es
meniño-n-gl menino-n-pt
meniño-n-gl boy-n-en
meniño-n-gl niño-n-es
neno-n-gl criança-n-pt
neno-n-gl garoto-n-pt
neno-n-gl boy-n-en
neno-n-gl niño-n-es
pícaro-n-gl boy-n-en
pícaro-n-gl niño-n-es
enfant-n-oc infant-n-ca
enfant-n-oc niño-n-es
enfant-n-oc infante-n-es
infant-n-oc infant-n-ca
infant-n-oc niño-n-es
boy-n-en chico-n-gl
chico-n-gl rapaz-n-pt
chico-n-gl boy-n-en
boy-n-en raparigo-n-gl
boy-n-en mozo-n-gl
jovem-n-pt jove-n-ca
jovem-n-pt mozo-n-gl
jovem-n-pt joven-n-es
junior-n-en jove-n-ca
junior-n-en joven-n-es
junior-n-en mozo-n-gl
junior-n-en subulo-n-eo
junior-n-en malaltrangulo-n-eo
junior-n-en junaulo-n-eo
junior-n-en gazte-n-eu
junior-n-en mendeko-n-eu
youngster-n-en jove-n-ca
youngster-n-en xaval-n-ca
youngster-n-en chaval-n-es
youngster-n-en joven-n-es
youngster-n-en mozo-n-gl
youngster-n-en junulo-n-eo
youngster-n-en gazte-n-eu
mozo-n-es portisto-n-eo
mozo-n-es mosso-n-ca
mozo-n-es vailet-n-ca
mozo-n-es ezkongai-n-eu
mozo-n-es fecior-n-ro
mozo-n-es mozu-n-ast
mozo-n-es mozo-n-gl
mozo-n-es gojatòt-n-oc
mozo-n-es mosso-n-oc
mozo-n-es mòsso-n-oc
joven-n-es junulo-n-eo
joven-n-es jeune-n-fr
joven-n-es jeunefille-n-fr
joven-n-es jeunehomme-n-fr
joven-n-es jove-n-ca
joven-n-es gazte-n-eu
joven-n-es tnr-n-ro
joven-n-es mozu-n-ast
joven-n-es mozo-n-gl
joven-n-es joen-n-oc
joven-n-es jove-n-oc
joven-n-es jovem-n-pt
boy-n-en meniño-n-gl
boy-n-en pícaro-n-gl
boy-n-en cativo-n-gl
cativo-n-gl cativo-n-pt
cativo-n-pt cativo-n-gl
cativo-n-pt cautivo-n-es
cativo-n-gl criança-n-pt
cativo-n-gl menino-n-pt
captive-n-en captiu-n-ca
captive-n-en cautivo-n-es
captive-n-en cativo-n-gl
captive-n-en forkaptito-n-eo
cativo-n-gl boy-n-en
cativo-n-gl crío-n-es
crío-n-es bebo-n-eo
crío-n-es créature-n-fr
crío-n-es criatura-n-ca
crío-n-es umetxo-n-eu
crío-n-es guahe-n-ast
crío-n-es críu-n-ast
crío-n-es cativo-n-gl
crío-n-es creatura-n-oc
crío-n-es criança-n-pt
boy-n-en rapaz-n-gl
rapaz-n-gl puto-n-pt
puto-n-pt puto-n-ca
puto-n-pt rapaz-n-gl
puto-n-pt puto-n-es
rapaz-n-gl rapaz-n-pt
rapaz-n-gl criança-n-pt
rapaz-n-gl boy-n-en
rapaz-n-gl chaval-n-es
chaval-n-es knabo-n-eo
chaval-n-es infano-n-eo
chaval-n-es gaillard-n-fr
chaval-n-es xaval-n-ca
chaval-n-es mutil-n-eu
chaval-n-es puti-n-ro
chaval-n-es chaval-n-ast
chaval-n-es rapaz-n-gl
chaval-n-es menino-n-pt
boy-n-en neno-n-gl
boy-n-en knabo-n-eo
pibe-n-es knabo-n-eo
pibe-n-es infano-n-eo
fils-n-fr hijo-n-es
fils-n-fr fill-n-ca
fils-n-fr filo-n-eo
fils-n-fr knabo-n-eo
gaillard-n-fr chaval-n-es
gaillard-n-fr xaval-n-ca
gaillard-n-fr knabo-n-eo
gars-n-fr knabo-n-eo
nin-n-ca knabo-n-eo
boy-n-en mutil-n-eu
varón-n-es viro-n-eo
varón-n-es homme-n-fr
varón-n-es home-n-ca
varón-n-es mutil-n-eu
varón-n-es home-n-ast
varón-n-es varón-n-ast
varón-n-es varón-n-gl
varón-n-es òme-n-oc
varón-n-es varo-n-pt
boy-n-en mutiko-n-eu
boy-n-en haur-n-eu
baby-n-en criatura-n-ca
baby-n-en bebé-n-es
baby-n-en criatura-n-es
baby-n-en criatura-n-gl
baby-n-en bebé-n-gl
baby-n-en karulo-n-eo
baby-n-en bebo-n-eo
baby-n-en karulino-n-eo
baby-n-en haur-n-eu
baby-n-en kreatura-n-eu
