forest-n-en bosc-n-ca
bosc-n-ca bosque-n-pt
bosque-n-pt bosc-n-ca
bosque-n-pt bosque-n-gl
bosque-n-pt bosque-n-es
bosc-n-ca bosco-n-it
bosco-n-it bosc-n-ca
bosc-n-ca foresta-n-it
foresta-n-it boscatge-n-ca
foresta-n-it bosc-n-ca
wood-n-en bosc-n-ca
wood-n-en fusta-n-ca
wood-n-en fustam-n-ca
wood-n-en llenyam-n-ca
wood-n-en bosque-n-es
wood-n-en madera-n-es
wood-n-en bosque-n-gl
wood-n-en madeira-n-gl
wood-n-en ligno-n-eo
wood-n-en arbaro-n-eo
wood-n-en arbareto-n-eo
wood-n-en bosko-n-eo
wood-n-en baso-n-eu
wood-n-en zur-n-eu
bosc-n-ca forest-n-en
bosc-n-ca bosque-n-es
bosque-n-es arbaro-n-eo
bosque-n-es bois-n-fr
bosque-n-es fort-n-fr
bosque-n-es forest-n-en
bosque-n-es bosc-n-ca
bosque-n-es baso-n-eu
bosque-n-es pdure-n-ro
bosque-n-es codru-n-ro
bosque-n-es monte-n-ast
bosque-n-es mata-n-ast
bosque-n-es viesca-n-ast
bosque-n-es bosque-n-gl
bosque-n-es fraga-n-gl
bosque-n-es bòsc-n-oc
bosque-n-es bosque-n-pt
bosc-n-ca bòsc-n-oc
bòsc-n-oc bosc-n-ca
bòsc-n-oc bosque-n-es
bosc-n-ca bois-n-fr
bois-n-fr bosque-n-es
bois-n-fr leña-n-es
bois-n-fr madera-n-es
bois-n-fr arboleda-n-es
bois-n-fr fusta-n-ca
bois-n-fr bosc-n-ca
bois-n-fr llenya-n-ca
bois-n-fr bosko-n-eo
bois-n-fr kornobranaro-n-eo
bois-n-fr arbaro-n-eo
bois-n-fr brulligno-n-eo
bois-n-fr ligno-n-eo
bois-n-fr kornaro-n-eo
bosc-n-ca fort-n-fr
fort-n-fr bosque-n-es
fort-n-fr selva-n-es
fort-n-fr bosc-n-ca
fort-n-fr arbaro-n-eo
fort-n-fr fuorto-n-eo
fort-n-fr praarbaro-n-eo
bosc-n-ca arbaro-n-eo
arbaro-n-eo bosque-n-es
arbaro-n-eo forest-n-en
arbaro-n-eo bois-n-fr
arbaro-n-eo fort-n-fr
arbaro-n-eo bosc-n-ca
arbaro-n-eo arbreda-n-ca
arbaro-n-eo selva-n-ca
forest-n-en bosque-n-es
woodland-n-en bosque-n-es
woodland-n-en bosque-n-gl
woodland-n-en arbaro-n-eo
baso-n-eu vaso-n-es
baso-n-eu bosque-n-es
baso-n-eu selva-n-es
baso-n-eu forest-n-en
pdure-n-ro bosque-n-es
codru-n-ro bosque-n-es
monte-n-ast bosque-n-es
monte-n-ast montaña-n-es
monte-n-ast monte-n-es
mata-n-ast bosque-n-es
viesca-n-ast bosque-n-es
bosque-n-gl bosque-n-pt
bosque-n-gl floresta-n-pt
bosque-n-gl forest-n-en
bosque-n-gl bosque-n-es
fraga-n-gl floresta-n-pt
fraga-n-gl forest-n-en
fraga-n-gl bosque-n-es
forest-n-en fraga-n-gl
floresta-n-pt bosque-n-gl
floresta-n-pt fraga-n-gl
floresta-n-pt floresta-n-es
forest-n-en bosque-n-gl
forest-n-en arbaro-n-eo
arbreda-n-ca arbaro-n-eo
selva-n-ca selva-n-pt
selva-n-ca sèuva-n-oc
selva-n-ca arbaro-n-eo
selva-n-ca angalo-n-eo
forest-n-en abiarbaro-n-eo
abiarbaro-n-eo forest-n-en
forest-n-en pinarbaro-n-eo
pinarbaro-n-eo forest-n-en
pinarbaro-n-eo pineda-n-ca
pineda-n-ca pinar-n-es
pineda-n-ca pinarbaro-n-eo
forest-n-en forsto-n-eo
forsto-n-eo forest-n-en
forsto-n-eo exploitationforestière-n-fr
exploitationforestière-n-fr forsto-n-eo
forest-n-en baso-n-eu
vaso-n-es glaso-n-eo
vaso-n-es verre-n-fr
vaso-n-es got-n-ca
vaso-n-es vas-n-ca
vaso-n-es baso-n-eu
vaso-n-es pahar-n-ro
vaso-n-es vasu-n-ast
vaso-n-es vaso-n-gl
vaso-n-es veire-n-oc
vaso-n-es copo-n-pt
selva-n-es praarbaro-n-eo
selva-n-es fort-n-fr
selva-n-es baso-n-eu
selva-n-es selva-n-ast
selva-n-es selva-n-gl
selva-n-es sèuva-n-oc
selva-n-es selva-n-pt
glass-n-en got-n-ca
glass-n-en vidre-n-ca
glass-n-en copa-n-ca
glass-n-en cristal-n-es
glass-n-en vaso-n-es
glass-n-en copa-n-es
glass-n-en vidrio-n-es
glass-n-en cristal-n-gl
glass-n-en vidro-n-gl
glass-n-en copa-n-gl
glass-n-en vaso-n-gl
glass-n-en glaso-n-eo
glass-n-en vitro-n-eo
glass-n-en baso-n-eu
glass-n-en beira-n-eu
glass-n-en kristal-n-eu
vase-n-en gerro-n-ca
vase-n-en pitxer-n-ca
vase-n-en búcaro-n-es
vase-n-en jarro-n-es
vase-n-en jarrón-n-es
vase-n-en xerro-n-gl
vase-n-en floreiro-n-gl
vase-n-en ornamavazo-n-eo
vase-n-en vazo-n-eo
vase-n-en baso-n-eu
