muñeca-n-es pojno-n-eo
pojno-n-eo muñeca-n-es
pojno-n-eo wrist-n-en
wrist-n-en canell-n-ca
wrist-n-en muñeca-n-es
wrist-n-en pulso-n-gl
wrist-n-en moneca-n-gl
wrist-n-en manradiko-n-eo
wrist-n-en manartiko-n-eo
wrist-n-en pojno-n-eo
wrist-n-en eskumutur-n-eu
pojno-n-eo poignet-n-fr
poignet-n-fr muñeca-n-es
poignet-n-fr pojno-n-eo
poignet-n-fr manumo-n-eo
poignet-n-fr manartiko-n-eo
poignet-n-fr manradiko-n-eo
pojno-n-eo poupée-n-fr
poupée-n-fr muñeca-n-es
poupée-n-fr nina-n-ca
poupée-n-fr pojno-n-eo
poupée-n-fr pupo-n-eo
pojno-n-eo puny-n-ca
puny-n-ca punho-n-pt
puny-n-ca pugno-n-it
puny-n-ca fist-n-en
puny-n-ca ponh-n-oc
puny-n-ca punh-n-oc
puny-n-ca poing-n-fr
puny-n-ca pojno-n-eo
puny-n-ca pugno-n-eo
puny-n-ca manumo-n-eo
pojno-n-eo canell-n-ca
canell-n-ca bambola-n-it
canell-n-ca polso-n-it
canell-n-ca wrist-n-en
canell-n-ca muñeca-n-es
canell-n-ca pojno-n-eo
muñeca-n-es poupée-n-fr
muñeco-n-es pupo-n-eo
muñeco-n-es poupée-n-fr
muñeco-n-es doll-n-en
muñeco-n-es ninot-n-ca
muñeco-n-es moñecu-n-ast
muñeco-n-es pipòt-n-oc
muñeco-n-es boneco-n-pt
nina-n-ca boneco-n-pt
nina-n-ca bambola-n-it
nina-n-ca doll-n-en
nina-n-ca muñeca-n-es
nina-n-ca pipa-n-oc
nina-n-ca poupée-n-fr
nina-n-ca pupilo-n-eo
nina-n-ca pupo-n-eo
pupo-n-eo doll-n-en
pupo-n-eo chrysalide-n-fr
pupo-n-eo marionnette-n-fr
pupo-n-eo poupée-n-fr
pupo-n-eo pupa-n-ca
pupo-n-eo nimfa-n-ca
pupo-n-eo nina-n-ca
muñeca-n-es poignet-n-fr
manumo-n-eo manchette-n-fr
manumo-n-eo poignet-n-fr
manumo-n-eo punyet-n-ca
manumo-n-eo puny-n-ca
manartiko-n-eo wrist-n-en
manartiko-n-eo poignet-n-fr
manradiko-n-eo wrist-n-en
manradiko-n-eo poignet-n-fr
muñeca-n-es doll-n-en
doll-n-en nina-n-ca
doll-n-en muñeca-n-es
doll-n-en moneca-n-gl
moneca-n-gl doll-n-en
moneca-n-gl wrist-n-en
moneca-n-gl muñeca-n-es
doll-n-en boneca-n-gl
boneca-n-gl doll-n-en
boneca-n-gl muñeca-n-es
doll-n-en pupo-n-eo
muñeca-n-es wrist-n-en
pulso-n-gl pulse-n-en
pulso-n-gl wrist-n-en
eskumutur-n-eu muñeca-n-es
eskumutur-n-eu wrist-n-en
muñeca-n-es canell-n-ca
bambola-n-it canell-n-ca
bambola-n-it monyica-n-ca
bambola-n-it nina-n-ca
polso-n-it canell-n-ca
muñeca-n-es monyica-n-ca
monyica-n-ca bambola-n-it
monyica-n-ca muñeca-n-es
muñeca-n-es nina-n-ca
boneco-n-pt nina-n-ca
boneco-n-pt ninot-n-ca
boneco-n-pt boneco-n-gl
pipa-n-oc nina-n-ca
pipa-n-oc muñeca-n-es
pupilo-n-eo prunelle-n-fr
pupilo-n-eo pupille-n-fr
pupilo-n-eo pupilla-n-ca
pupilo-n-eo nina-n-ca
pupilo-n-eo nineta-n-ca
muñeca-n-es eskumutur-n-eu
muñeca-n-es ppu-n-ro
ppu-n-ro muñeca-n-es
muñeca-n-es ncheietur-n-ro
ncheietur-n-ro muñeca-n-es
muñeca-n-es muñeca-n-ast
muñeca-n-ast muñeca-n-es
muñeca-n-es moñeca-n-ast
moñeca-n-ast muñeca-n-es
muñeca-n-es boneca-n-gl
muñeca-n-es moneca-n-gl
muñeca-n-es pipa-n-oc
